Alright.
In the last section we have installed and implement React model.
In this section we're going to send the data.
To the database.
And we we redirect to the new page, which is for that particular post.
So now, uh.
Let's check our website so far.
So now.
We can have a comment, we can write down something.
It's just nice.
And this is going to.
Uh, no.
Because, uh, we didn't implement this, sending the data.
So we want to, when we click on the reply, we want to send the data to the.
Firestone.
Also, we want to close this window after death.
Okay.
Let's go back to Visual Studio code.
Now, one thing I noticed is just when we don't have an image.
This dot icon, dot horizon horizontal icon is not at the end and these are not distributed here.
We can easily fix that.
We just need to go to Poster J.S. And just after the image for the right side, we have it there.
We just add a flex one.
So and right side is going to occupy all this space.
So now if you check it, go on the right side.
Okay, we fix this one.
Let's go and complete their function sent post.
So if we go back to.
Uh, I think we should go to comment model that yes, we created a remember if we create a function
sent comment.
But we haven't completed yet.
Okay.
Here, we want to get the information, send information and add a new document to the database.
And if you look at the database now.
Well, except for the last one.
Hello.
Uh, and the other ones we have, this is the document, and each document has some fields, and this
document has another collection, which is like, we want to add another collection similar to likes,
but the name would be comments.
Okay, let's go back to Visual Studio code and here we need to.
Create a wait and talk.
But as we are using it, wait.
We need to make this function asynchronous because the attack is returning a promise.
We are getting some data from it.
So Ad Dah is going to get a collection.
And the collection we want to target is from our TV that we have created inside the posts.
Collection.
Then we want to target the post I.D. because we want to target the particular post that we clicked on
the chat icon.
Remember, we save this one inside the estate here and we are getting it from a cool global estate.
So we have this information and inside this, we want to create a new collection.
Called comments.
Okay.
And this comments is going to include a few things.
For example, we can get the comment itself, which is equal to input whatever inside the input box.
And this input is coming from here.
User State It's empty at the beginning, but when we write down, it's going to be updated and we get
the final one.
Then we, we can get the name of the person that is writing the comment.
We can get it from session.
That user, that name.
You can get also the username as well.
It's going to be phishing that's using that username just to let this happen and let me mute my computer.
Okay.
Uh, and then we kind of get that user image.
Oh, user img for short.
This is coming from session.
That user.
I am not a user I AMG image.
J.
And also we can just check, save the time too, which is the time stamp and we can use this server.
Server timestamp function from Fire Firebase.
So let's import this.
This is from Firestorm.
Let's import at dark.
Collection.
And, uh, we have, we have to import TV as well.
I think we have imported before.
Yeah, that's here.
Okay.
That's everything.
Looks okay now.
So after we call this function.
We want to close the.
Close the window.
So we set the open to false.
I didn't ad loading because fire stories very fast when we send only the comment.
But if the comment includes the image, we need to add the loading too.
But for now, just for simplicity, we didn't add any loading because it's very fast and we just set
the input to empty string again.
Okay.
Let's try it.
So now let's comment something here.
Uh.
Or just, uh.
Oh, yeah.
Let's do this.
Here.
Now let's delete it.
And then.
Uh, no, we do not have any comments, actually.
So let's add a comment.
Just.
We just say nice.
And let's check the database.
For the last one.
This is.
Hello, maybe this is here.
We have another one with the text.
Hello.
Now we have the comment collection.
Uh.
So we have.
Let me check here.
I write down comment.
It should be comments, actually.
That's fine.
Next time you're going to, it's working.
So comment because it's going to be more than comments.
Maybe we have more comments in one post.
Okay.
The comment has a unique ID that is generated automatically.
Then the comment is saying nice.
And the person who write down it's going to be will.
Then we have the time stamp and we have user image and user name and.
Okay.
So let's try it again with another account.
For example, this one.
Nice.
Let's add a set.
Amazing pic.
Let's look at the reply.
Okay.
Let's go back.
Uh.
Yeah.
This one has a comments now collection and the unique idea.
Amazing.
Pick the name the person to write down.
Everything is here and the user image.
So that's okay.
Now in the next step.
We are going to redirect a person to in the to the specific page for that post.
We can do that using a router.
And next next year's has a.
Has a hook called use router that we can simply route between the pages.
So let's import that one here inside the comment model.
So under this we can import use.
Round two.
This is much more simpler than React because in React we need to go to app the G and add the root and
manually for each page.
But here we just need to create the page inside this folder and then we just use user outer.
We don't need to do any extra things or added inside the app that just that's very simple.
So this is coming from Nick's home slash router.
Then we need to initialize this router here.
We just need to just router is equal to use.
Rather similar to the we use for use session.
Okay.
We initialize it now.
We can easily redirect a person.
So after.
Uh, close the window.
We can redirect the person.
To the by using push.
And this is going to be dynamic, too.
So we add a back tech and this is going to be the post I.D..
Or we can just add a just say posts.
And.
Just, uh, we can go to post already.
Okay, so let's try it.
Now we add another comment here.
And.
Let's refresh.
I think.
Yeah.
Know stuff.
I don't know why this service stopped.
Okay.
So let's try again.
It's loaded.
And also, we are signed in.
So let's add another comment.
We just say.
Hello World.
The reply.
After the reply we should be redirected to a new page which is post and this is the idea of the post,
but the page is not created yet, so we are getting a four or four error.
That is fine.
Just for now.
We just redirected this and later we are going to create this page.
So in the next section.
But now the other things I want to do.
It's just show the number of likes here.
So we can simply do that.
You did it before in the last section.
As a practice, I would suggest that you stop this video and just do it based on this.
The one that you previously did for the likes.
Just for the hints you need to use use effects to get the data.
For all the comments and you just need to get the length of their all comments and show it here.
Okay, so stop the video and do it.
Okay.
Now I'm going to do it myself.
But if you have done it congratulation, you can watch the video and see my way of doing okay.
So let's go back to Visual Studio code.
We need to do this one in the post GSA, because actually we did for the last number of plaques.
For number of likes.
If you remember, we ve created a piece of state using user state and we called it live.
Okay.
And then by using use effects, we got all the likes and we sit there like this function to the snapshot
attacks and the on the.
Curry was the host post that Ayden likes.
And this is going to be similar but instead of likes which are sick comments.
And after doing that.
We just need to go now.
Wee wee.
Inside the.
Heart icon after heart icon.
We just say if the number of likes is more than zero, then.
Just to show the number of likes.
That's it.
So let's do the same things for the comments.
So we just need to first to let's copy this.
It's sort of like.
Well, let's change this one two comments.
This one should be at capital and it's an empty string as well.
And for the we can just copy this virus very similar.
And.
Instead of likes.
We just have to search for comments.
Then we set the comments.
The snapshot that ducks.
That's it.
And we go after the chat icon.
Let's, uh, put chat icon inside it, dear first, because we want them to be next to each other.
So.
First they bring it inside this and after this chat icon, we're going to check that if there is any
comments.
So comments that length.
Is greater than zero.
Then.
We want to show the number of it.
So.
You can just add it's been here.
Okay.
We cannot do it here.
So inside this barn, we just say.
Comments.
That link.
And this should be zero.
Not.
Okay.
So let's see.
Yeah.
We have the number of comments here.
This one has one comment.
This one has long gone.
Let's add another one.
Why don't we write down here just.
Yeah.
Now we have two comments and we're redirected to the post.
Okay.
So now we have to let's bring this one next to each other.
But just in the TV added we just flags and we bring them horizontally next to each other using item
center.
And also we can use select none.
So that's number one is not going to be selected like the one we did for the heart icon.
So now they are next to each other.
But this is a little bit bigger the number just we can in the span.
We can change the text.
Uh.
Let's just make a small Texas.
A small.
That's it.
It looks fine.
This one is okay too.
Okay.
So, uh.
So everything is fine.
Okay.
Let's add everything to the get up, which has to get at all.
And kids come in with a message of.
Send.
Comments.
To fire a store.
And show the number of.
Comments.
Let's remove this and.
Because we did the redirect.
So I would just say.
And.
Uh.
Redirects.
Using use round to.
Okay.
Let's push everything to kick it and we check.
What we have done so far.
So we can click on the Tweeter to refresh the page.
Now we have 21 comments.
Then last fall he sent comments to firestorm showed a number of comments and direct using user after.
So inside the comment model that yes we have important users out there and also we have imported many
things from fires store.
We initialized the router and we completed the send comment function by just adding the add dock.
And we send the information.
Through this collection.
And then we close the window, we set the input to empty and also we redirect the person to the post
page, which is in the post post.
Last post I'd.
Then inside a poster.
Cheers.
In order to show the comments.
We have created a new state called Comments.
Then we use user state.
So to use the fact to track the effects and uh, we just got the, all the comments from this post ID
and then we set it into the comments state then.
Uh, we have, uh.
This is for just fixing that.
That horizon.
And also.
We added after the chat icon, we said if.
Their comments is more than one.
More than zero.
Just show the number of them, and then we just bring them next to each other using display flags.
Okay.
That was it for this section in the next section.
I feel that we are ready to create the.
Post the.
Page, for example?
No.
If he had a comment here.
We are going to be redirected.
To a particular page for this post which has the sidebar.
What's happening and who to follow is similar to the one we created then also.
We are seeing the light in the comments at all at the bottom of this.
Particular page.
Okay.
Uh, so soon.
The next section for creating this page.